README.md, before:

# Ember JsMock

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/j-fischer/ember-js-mock.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/j-fischer/ember-js-mock)

Ember addon to make [JsMock](http://jsmock.org/) available as an import in your tests. JsMock is a simple mocking test framework, which can be used with any test framework. It is inspired by [jMock](http://www.jmock.org/) and [Sinon.js](http://sinonjs.org/) with its interface being very similar to Sinon in order to make it easy to switch between those two frameworks.

`ember-js-mock` was inspired by [ember-sinon](https://github.com/csantero/ember-sinon).

## Installation

Install JsMock in your ember application using the latest Ember CLI:

    $ ember install ember-js-mock

## Getting Started

In order to use JsMock in your tests, simply import it in your test file.  

    import { module, test } from 'qunit';
    import JsMock from 'js-mock';

    // Declare your mock only once, there is no need to copy & paste t
    // his code into every test case.
    var testMock;

    JsMock.monitorMocks(function () {
      testMock = JsMock.mock("test");
    });
    
    module('Acceptance | js mock', {
      afterEach: function() {
        // Ensure that all expectations are fulfilled after each test case.
        JsMock.assertIfSatisfied();
      }
    });

    test('verify js-mock is available', function(assert) {  
      testMock.once();

      testMock();

      // If there is no other assertion needed in the test method
      // then simply use `assertIfSatisfied()`.
      assert.ok(JsMock.assertIfSatisfied());
    });

## API Docs

The full API documentation for JsMock can be found [here](http://www.jsmock.org/docs/index.html).

## License

BSD 3-clause, see [License.txt](https://github.com/j-fischer/ember-js-mock/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

## Changelog

### 0.4.0

- Tried to stabilize npm packaging issues

### 0.3.0 (broken - index.js is missing)

- Renamed blueprint folder to ensure that it is executed automatically

### 0.2.0 

- No change (fixing npm packaging issue)

### 0.1.0 (broken - index.js is missing)

- Initial release

Commit message:

Removed all version info from changelog in README and marked 0.6.1 as the initial version due to NPM issues.

README.md, after:

# Ember JsMock

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/j-fischer/ember-js-mock.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/j-fischer/ember-js-mock)

Ember addon to make [JsMock](http://jsmock.org/) available as an import in your tests. JsMock is a simple mocking test framework, which can be used with any test framework. It is inspired by [jMock](http://www.jmock.org/) and [Sinon.js](http://sinonjs.org/) with its interface being very similar to Sinon in order to make it easy to switch between those two frameworks.

`ember-js-mock` was inspired by [ember-sinon](https://github.com/csantero/ember-sinon).

## Installation

Install JsMock in your ember application using the latest Ember CLI:

    $ ember install ember-js-mock

## Getting Started

In order to use JsMock in your tests, simply import it in your test file.  

    import { module, test } from 'qunit';
    import JsMock from 'js-mock';

    // Declare your mock only once, there is no need to copy & paste t
    // his code into every test case.
    var testMock;

    JsMock.monitorMocks(function () {
      testMock = JsMock.mock("test");
    });
    
    module('Acceptance | js mock', {
      afterEach: function() {
        // Ensure that all expectations are fulfilled after each test case.
        JsMock.assertIfSatisfied();
      }
    });

    test('verify js-mock is available', function(assert) {  
      testMock.once();

      testMock();

      // If there is no other assertion needed in the test method
      // then simply use `assertIfSatisfied()`.
      assert.ok(JsMock.assertIfSatisfied());
    });

## API Docs

The full API documentation for JsMock can be found [here](http://www.jsmock.org/docs/index.html).

## License

BSD 3-clause, see [License.txt](https://github.com/j-fischer/ember-js-mock/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

## Changelog

Due to a number of NPM packaging issues (see https://github.com/npm/npm/issues/5082), the majority of the previous packages have had issues. 
Consequently, I am considering version 0.6.1 to be the initial release.  

### 0.6.1

- Initial release
